Bellabeat is a health-focused high-tech company for women’s products. It is best known for its Leaf smart jewellery wearable line that is created only for women and tracks sleep, steps, menstrual cycle, mindfulness, and activity.
Products:

Leaf: Leaf is a classical wearable health tracker that can be worn as necklace or bracelet.
Time: Time is Bellabeat’s wellness watch that can be used to track user’s activity, sleep, and stress.
Spring: Spring is a water bottle that tracks user’s daily water intake using smart technologies to ensure that their customers are appropriately hydrated throughout the day.
Bellabeat App pays an important role for Bellabeat company as it shares important data with their users. This app can be connected with Bellabeat products, and it provides data related to health according to user’s activities throughout the day. Bellabeat app can detect level of sleep, stress, menstrual cycle and   mindfulness habits. 
Bellabeat also has a subscription-based membership program for its users. Users who has access to this subscription are guided 24/7 on nutrition, activities, sleep, health, beauty, and mindfulness based on their lifestyle and goals.

Why is Bellabeat different?

In contrast to other tracking products in the market, Bellabeat’s products have developed a beautiful design which inspires women around the world. Moreover, collecting data regarding to sleep, stress and reproductive health has allowed Bellabeat to empower women with knowledge about their own health and habits which made the company growth fast even though it was found just in 2013. Bellabeat has few channels around the world in addition to Bellabeat’s online shop.  
Stakeholders:
•	Urška Sršen: Bellabeat cofounder and Chief Creative Officer
•	Sando Mur: Mathematician and Bellabeat’s cofounder; key member of the Bellabeat executive team
•	Bellabeat Marketing Analytics team: A team of data analysts responsible for collecting, analyzing, and reporting data that helps guide Bellabeat’s marketing strategy.


Check out the full Capstone project at: https://www.kaggle.com/code/ruchirarasanjaya/bellabeat-case-study-capstone
